Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again today.
We're going to pray tonight and go over some things that have happened in the news today.
A prophetic word that the Lord told us about came to pass today.
A major word, breaking news, just happened.
It's what the Lord showed us about Trump's kids.
Can you please turn that fan off of me, baby?
I'm actually cold.
It's making my nose run.
Thank you, I appreciate that.
I probably needed a minute.
So we see the news concerning President Trump's kids, and I told you the attack would be concerning Qasem Soleimani, a revenge over the drone strike that went against him.
I saw retaliation coming against his children and especially Don Jr.
, and I pray over them every single time.
Have you all noticed I pray over his children every single time because of the attacks that I have seen coming against his kids?
If anybody remembers the video, I want to go ahead and play that of what the Lord showed us concerning this.
July 21st of last year, the Lord spoke to us about praying for his children.
I saw Qasem Soleimani.
I saw generals on oil-based paintings in frames that were really beautiful.
But as I'll describe this, if you remember the movie Back to the Future, as he was making the decision and singing on the stage, playing 'Johnny B.
Goode,' his brothers and sisters in the photo were fading away.
This is the way these photos looked.
I could see these Iranian generals and they were fading away, and below this picture was fire, and it was consuming and said they're in hell.
I could see the fire burning these men, for they looked like spirits; they looked like ghosts.
As the fire was burning the pictures, they said, 'We want revenge, we want revenge,' and I saw their generals in a line in the photos and they were burning in hell.
The Lord showed me Don Jr.
and he became a photo, and the fire was trying to eat him, and the Lord said you must intercede for Don Jr.
, for there's an attempt coming on his life.
You must intercede for Don Jr.
, for there is an attempt coming on his life.
For they say, 'If we cannot get to Trump, we will take out his son in revenge of what he did to our generals.
' So I saw a plan and a plot to shoot and assassinate Don Jr.
to take him out.
I saw him in a tuxedo with a white shirt with black stud buttons.
It was an event like a wedding.
It was a cover; it was like one of those pleated-looking shirts, a tuxedo-looking shirt, and he was dressed up for something nice.
I saw President Kennedy and the Lord said, 'The Kennedy curse.
' I saw the Cuban Missile Crisis, and the Lord said, 'Pay attention to Cuba.
' I could see Cuba again and I could see missiles pointed at the United States of America.
The Lord showed me Kennedy with Donald Trump and what is going to happen, a plan with the kids.
But I want to tell you this ahead of time.
The Lord said to say this: what will you do as watchmen on this channel to intercede on behalf of Trump's children?
What will we do to stop these plans?
For this is an attempt; you must stop the plans.
You must bring this before the people in prayer and cover his family in prayer.
Cover his heart, for this is not God's will; this is an enemy attack.
The Lord said, 'What are you going to do about this?
' I thought, well, we'll raise up a stand; we'll pray.
When the enemy tries to come in, the spirit of the Lord raises a standard against him.
I believe that's why we're here, ladies and gentlemen, is to pray these things down.
I saw Don Jr.
walking out.
I saw flashing lights like photography, like the paparazzi wherever he was.
I could see the flashes of light on his face.
It was like people were taking pictures of him.
All of a sudden, he was shot right here in his chest and I saw a blood stain on that white shirt start to spread like a half-dollar size.
I kept hearing the word AK-47.
I kept hearing a loud noise and he was gone; it was one shot.
Then I went to President Trump and I could see him weeping because of what had happened; he was in so much stress and travail.
He was bent over, weeping because of his son being taken out, so upset like anyone would be if their child was murdered.
I saw him travailing and crying.
When I see that vision again, I can see the funeral and he could barely walk.
He was grieving so bad; he was stumbling.
They had to help hold him up as he was in travail, weeping over his son's life being taken.
I could see Barron; he was wearing a black suit with a white shirt and a black tie, similar to what he wore at the inauguration.
Then I could see Melania, and she had a black hat on and a black veil on her face that you could see through like a net, but it was very classy looking.
She had black sunglasses on and a black dress with a little white on its side.
She was trying to support Trump as he was walking to the funeral.
I could see the other children there, but it was mainly those three in the vision that were very clear.
Did you get that Soleimani?
Soleimani.
Yeah, he said I said Qasem Soleimani.
Today, go ahead and show what was said about today.
What happened just happened two hours ago.
Ivanka Trump targeted for assassination by the IRGC terrorist in a twisted plot to avenge the president taking out his mentor.
This is who this is, Soleimani.
So Ivanka—they had a whole plan to take out Ivanka.
President Trump's family in response to the killing of military chief Qasem Soleimani.
You see that?
There's a plot to take out his children and they stopped this.
Now, if you know what I'm talking about, he's wearing a tuxedo.
Don Jr.
's wedding is this weekend and we're praying against a party.
I said, 'They're taking photos and he has a tuxedo on.
' He had a woman on his side and she looked pretty in a beautiful dress.
I said, 'He's getting married.
Look, Donald Trump Jr.
and his wife are going to get married.
' If that's the actual photo of the wedding, that's not what he was wearing in the vision.
They're getting married next week.
So, we are going to continue to pray for him and this major event with a ball—like with a tuxedo, a beautiful black and white outfit; I don't want to call it an outfit, it's a suit.
We are praying for him.
So, now we go back to Ivanka.
They found these psychopaths trying to murder his daughter.
And this is what I've been praying for ever since.
This is why I bring up Ivanka, Tiffany, Barron.
This is what came out of praying for them.
And this crazy guy had a plot to take her out in her Florida house.
So none of that happened.
All glory to God, ladies and gentlemen.
I believe we're winners.
And the Lord said, 'What are you gonna do about this?
Pray for his kids.
' So then he said, 'Pray for Kai.
' Specifically, pray for Kai, that they were targeting Kai.
Do you remember I said they have a list?
I saw a list of the Trump administration, from the least to the greatest, of which ones would be, and I saw bounties on their heads of $50,000, some of them less, some of them more.
And it went up to the highest, to the greatest.
And they had a list of people that they wanted revenge for that we had taken out, and they wanted an eye for an eye.
So we see a plot that was brought to light tonight—all to the glory of God.
It had nothing to do with us, but we are prayers, and that's what our job is to do on this channel: to pray against this, even for those they are quoting, Qasem—and I might butcher his name because I'm not even good with people's names—Soleimani.
Okay, so do you see the accuracy?
We're praying for his kids.
We're praying for Don Jr.
His wedding is next week or this week or whatever.
These are the targets for the beautiful lady who was on his side; that's his wife soon to be.
Okay, so that's what we're going to continue to do and we're going to lift up his kids.
I saw him coming out on the steps, and there was a tornado that came right up to his feet and started to rip the flesh off of his body.
Eric was watching from afar, sitting there watching his brother.
Eric was not in harm's way, but Don was.
And I saw Barron walking into a building, and a building was built next to Trump's main tower, which was symbolic.
And I saw crypto coins dressed up like M&M's.
Remember that with the legs?
And they were dancing in Waterland as they went into this building.
And it became digital, and their digital empire over like a skyscraper went way to the top.
Their real estate empire was nothing compared to what was about to happen with their crypto empire, and the whole building started to become digital.
Does anybody remember that prophetic word?
But I said, 'Don Jr.
, I saw the tornado was right at his feet and I saw the flesh trying to tear off of him,' and the Lord said, 'Pray for him.
' And this is what we keep praying for: praying for Trump's children.
Praying for Don Jr.
, pray for Tiffany, pray for Barron, pray for Eric, pray for Ivanka.
And Ivanka was spared today.
So, we're not done.
We're not finished.
We might have much more work to do because I saw drones trying to fly over Mar-a-Lago, trying to go way high off of a boat in the Atlantic.
Now, I know we've got lots of radar and it would be almost near impossible, but I don't know how high you could go without them seeing.
I'm sure we have that place covered when he's there.
So, we're going to continue to pray for this because I said secret attacks, secret things concerning Cuba, for liberating Cuba, for mules, secret things.
And I saw a house in Miami.
And I saw a girl—to pray for this girl, for she would help to talk about the drug cartel and everything.
And everybody got real mad at me that night.
And I said, 'Brandon, why are you saying so much?
' I try to tell you as much as I feel led by the Spirit of God to tell you what I'm seeing concerning these traffickers and the mules and the drug lords.
And the Lord wants to—and I said watch in the days ahead for the five families.
The five families concerning the mafia will look like heroes concerning New York in the days ahead, for they will come in and unionize.
I saw the mafia families trying to say, 'It's just business,' but it was personal to them because they didn't like the way this new crazy guy over New York is running things, and they wanted to stop some things.
And I saw the five families rise up and do some stuff.
Does anybody know about the five families?
I saw the five families and they become heroes concerning some things.
That's all I can say.
I probably said too much, but God's got this.
And you know what?
God will take what the devil meant for bad and turn it around for good if you believe Him for it.
And I believe that we're going to see some good days ahead for the body of Christ.
Okay.
What is this you found?
Play it.
This is April 6th.
April 6th, this word came.
See how they're getting closer together.
Thank you for angels.
Amen and amen.
All right.
Well, as I was looking into this, I saw Don Jr.
on the steps, and I saw a massive tornado.
And this tornado was whipping all around Don Jr.
It was so much so that when you see tornadoes, if you're really close to them, from the debris coming off of the tornado, it will actually send things into your skin.
Just like sandblasting—the force of the wind is so much it tears the flesh up.
It will tear your flesh up just by being next to it because of how fast the winds are blowing.
And when you take a projectile of a straw or a piece of hay or something, it can actually penetrate through your body like a bullet.
I talked too much.
It looked like an EF5 went right up to Don Jr.
It was blowing so hard it was tearing his flesh on his face.
And he was standing there and he looked like he was in agonizing pain.
As we were praying, this tornado that was sent to him started to shrink in front of him.
It was just about three feet out from him.
And the tornado was not allowed to engulf him, but it started to shrink.
And as it started to shrink, it became smaller and smaller and smaller to the point that it was the size of a bottle of water.
Say it was like this.
You see this?
This is like eight ounces or less.
Okay?
So you could put it in his hand.
All of downtown New York—I could see Trump Tower, it was all at the bottom.
I could see the letters 'Trump' and it was the building of their main Trump headquarters, the main Trump building in New York.
I could see the letters so close to him that it was actually causing and inflicting wounds.
He started to intercede and pray for the protection of the Trump family.
The force of the wind was so powerful that it was taking Eric Trump's tie and it was lifting it up toward the storm.
I could see him in a panic looking at his brother, as if to say, 'You're in harm's way.
' And he was reaching his hands for his brother, trying to help him.
But Don Jr.
stood there and his face looked very strange to me as he started to have holes in his face and he started burning from the inside out.
And his face was burning.
Do you know how when you light a match on a piece of paper and if you light a circle and it burns like this, and it's opening and it's getting bigger and bigger?
As you see something burning and the fire spreads as it consumes what it's doing, it was doing that in splotches on his face.
But as you were looking at his face, these splotches were completely blacked out circles with fire as it spread.
And you could see where his flesh and his stuff were in the storm.
I could see it.
But the storm became smaller and smaller as the body of Christ prayed.
I could see we were interceding, and it got smaller to the point where He could put the storm in His hand.
I didn't see Him move off of the steps; He stood there the whole time looking out over the city of New York.
I saw a brand-new Trump Tower being built, similar to what my son showed you—it could be the exact same tower.
It shot up, and it was a glass-front building with 'Trump' at the top, not at the bottom base above the doors.
It was at the top and it said 'Trump.
' It was beautiful.
But as it went down, it went into a V that looked like a triangle base, similar to Oklahoma City's building.
If you know of it, Oklahoma City has a huge building with a V in it.
But underneath, it was just showing we're going to stop this.
The Lord showed us we have power and authority over this.
So, we're going to keep praying for Don Jr.
We're going to pray over his marriage and this wedding ceremony, or anytime they're together for a tuxedo event—maybe an afterparty or a reception.
I don't know where this is, but all I know is we're going to continue to pray for it.
I've heard that President Trump is not going to go to the event.
It's over Memorial Day weekend, so it's this weekend right now, the 23rd to the 25th.
We're going to pray over him tonight because this just happened with Ivanka today, two hours ago.
Like I said, sorry if it was too long, but that's what the Lord had for us to talk about today.
We're going to pray for his family.
Is there anything else?
There's some other stuff going on—aliens and stuff.
I want you to show the aliens.
They released more of these demonic things today.
This is the 40 images of what Braden's showing you.
One they shot down with an F-16.
They tried to shoot this one down with an F-16.
Well, they did shoot it down.
Did they go get it?
I say they aren't going to tell you.
Yeah, we got pieces; we found out what it was.
It's pretty cool, though.
They got a good shot on it.
It actually was a substance of something hard.
I wonder if it was like a drone or something.
Look how it's flying; it's weird.
A great deception is coming.
I hope y'all are ready.
That looks evil.
Very creepy.
A ball?
Yeah, it's moving fast.
Do you remember I said there'll be like a mother ship and then lots of other ones come out that will move almost like the speed of light?
They'll move so fast across and they'll be the size of a car.
Some of them will look like the size of a small ball and they'll shoot across the sky, and people are going to be freaked out about it.
I saw them move up and down the East Coast and the West Coast.
They were going across our nation, and people were watching for them because they were moving so quick.
But they made no sound.
When something travels that fast, it creates a sonic boom, but this doesn't.
What I saw happening was just like a light show in the sky, and people were tripping out over it because it didn't make a sonic boom.
It was just so wow.
So here we see some of it.
They're kind of weird images, you know, because they're black and white, over water and over other things the military has.
They released it.
They're about to release something else.
They're going to have a shocker for you all soon from what I've seen and tried to tell you.
This one was cool because it accelerates.
It went really fast.
He put it in—what's that in Star Wars?
Whenever they go into hyperdrive or whatever?
This one's in color.
They're showing something right here; it's in color.
Pretty neat.
Well, they're going to start to bring it all out, just like the Lord told us.
Sorry, my nose is itching, y'all.
The cottonwoods are going nuts.
Do y'all have cottonwood trees in your area?
It looks like snow.
There're so many of them by creek bottoms and stuff.
They're humongous trees, and when they bloom out to get ready to seed, they release cotton all throughout the air.
It's a white look like snow, and it just goes as far as I can see when the wind's blowing, floating all through the air.
But it makes your nose itch, especially mine.
But if you don't have cottonwood trees, you're missing out because you can pick it up like this and it looks like—my Paisley always goes, 'Daddy, it looks like cotton for your face.
' I said, 'Don't put it on your face.
' All right.
Trump rushed back to Washington after canceling his weekend plans in New Jersey.
Intelligence officials have also canceled their Memorial Day plans and are on standby.
When the president and the entire intel community suddenly drop their holiday plans to bunker down in DC, you know something serious is brewing.
Probably because his daughter almost got assassinated, right?
I would, if my kid was in trouble like that; that's why he probably went home for sure, because of all that craziness about his kid, right?
They're like, 'Why is he doing that?
' Well, you've got this idiot trying to assassinate his daughter, and Ivanka is his daughter.
So, I don't know; I'm assuming that's what it was for, but maybe we'll see something with Iran.
We're going to pray.
Is there anything else?
The last two videos have been kind of different.
I've tried really hard to always be transparent with y'all.
Sometimes it's received well, sometimes it's not.
So, I've gotten to the point where I just have to go, 'I am who I am.
' If you don't like me, you don't have to watch me.
I see the people come and they go.
But I'm not here to be popular or to try to tickle your ears.
I'm never going to be one that is an 'itching ears' prophetic encounter or whatever you all want to call me.
I'm here to tell you what I believe the Holy Spirit is telling me.
And if it's off, it's off.
I'll be the first one to apologize for it.
I'm human.
But I'm going to tell you, I fear Him and I serve Him with all my heart.
The Lord said, 'I want you to raise up a million-person prayer army.
' And in doing so, you will change things in the course of prayer.
That's what I believe my job on the internet is.
And as soon as the Lord tells me my job is fulfilled, I will sail off into the sunset and you won't ever see me again.
I believe with all my heart that for this season of my life, to pray for the end times, we will be here for this season.
The Lord said, 'I want you to go and do this.
' I believe there's a healing side of my ministry one day.
I don't know when that will happen, but I can see the manifestations of it as we saw the people telling me through email they're being healed and they're being touched and they're getting pregnant after we pray for them.
And there are people who have pains that are no longer there—knee pains, things that are happening.
People are actually getting manifestations of things and they're telling me about it.
So, I give all glory to God for that.
It isn't Brandon Biggs, but I'm going to say it's exciting to see manifestations of things like that.
I believe God's raising up multi-billionaires in the days ahead.
You know, people are so upset about BlackRock and all this stuff I've talked about.
I have already talked about what it was, but I am not a financial advisor.
I am not here to financially advise anybody, ever.
This is just my opinion.
When I present something, I tell you I have invested in it.
I give hints along the way, but I'm never there to wave it in your face and say this is what it is or isn't because I'm not here to financially advise you.
That's not my job.
I tell you to pray for things, and if you feel led to pray for it, fine—from gold to silver to all kinds of things.
I said to pray about these things; I'm never here to tell you what to do.
I even told you the day I said I bought silver—what was it, Braden?
—back when it was less than $12 an ounce.
It was a long time ago, and the Lord said, 'Today is a great day.
' Then I told you recently, when it was at a hundred and some dollars, that the Lord said—after it was over, because I'm not a financial advisor—'Today is a great day to sell.
' I said, 'Well, today is?
' He said, 'Yes, today is a great day to sell.
' So you follow the voice of the Lord and let the elevator go to the top.
If you practice His presence, He'll lead you.
If you don't want to practice His presence, you're wasting your time watching me because I'm all about Jesus.
But I'm all about the end times.
Ever since He said that, it's been hovering around way down here.
When He says buy, you buy.
When He says sell, sell.
When He says hover, hover.
Whatever He says to do, do it.
He'll talk to me about certain things, and I listen to Him and I just go, 'Wow, okay.
' It's the same about sports.
People ask me, 'Brandon, who do you see in the NBA finals?
' You want me to tell you who that was?
Why?
Because then you go out and gamble.
'Hey, tell me so I can put some money on it.
' God doesn't do that.
He's not going to talk about things if you have a gambling addiction and you go out and start betting on games.
He tells you things if you're able to handle it and are mature.
People go, 'Well, why not, Brandon?
' Well, because God doesn't do that.
That's not the way He works.
People start gambling money and doing dumb things.
But if you practice His presence, He'll tell you His heart, and we can just talk about things.
Do you know how much Jesus loves you?
He'll talk to you about the flowers, how to make them grow better.
He'll talk to you about the seeds—when to plant something if there's going to be another frost.
He'll say, 'Don't plant that yet.
Don't go get flowers yet.
' Why?
Well, there's a frost coming on this date, and I'll write it down.
Private things between me, my kids, and my wife.
He'll say, 'There's a frost coming in two weeks.
' Sure enough, it happens.
It would kill my flowers because He knows I love flowers.
Or He'll say, 'Hey, there's a storm coming in the next couple of—' and He'll give me the day.
He'll say, 'There's going to be a storm coming here and you need to pray or pray over your area; there's a drought, you need to pray for more rain.
' He'll talk to you about things that you're interested in.
You know, when He says, 'I'll give you the desires,' He gives you the desires of your heart.
People ask me, 'Brandon, do you see these angels?
What are they doing?
Do you talk to angels?
' No, I don't talk to angels.
I commission them.
I tell them to go.
I say, 'Lord, this is what You told me to do.
And I know You give the angels to keep charge over me and to bear me up.
But Father, I thank You that the angels are protecting my family.
I thank You, Lord, that Your angels—I call prosperity angels to go out right now and get my money; cause it to come forth in Jesus' name.
' What do you mean by that, Brandon?
Demonic spirits are trying to hinder your blessing.
If there was a principality hindering Daniel's blessing in the Old Covenant, and he had to fast for 21 days—he went before the Lord and started fasting with the Daniel fast—he had to have Michael come and help him.
If there were angels that had to work an assignment to help Daniel with Michael—and when big bad Michael came up there with whatever he was doing, he went up there and did whatever he had to do to get the Prince of Persia off so he could get the answer.
It's the same thing.
The angels go because we wrestle not against flesh and blood.
So people get all bent out of shape about whether we wrestle not against flesh.
If we're not wrestling against the people who are persecuting us, it's the demons manifesting through them.
Some of these people are just flat-out witches and warlocks, and they're assigned to try to kill, steal, and destroy with the devil.
Just like I told you, the devil came and visited; he said these are witches.
So you deal with all kinds of stuff like that, especially on platforms like this.
You just plead the blood, take communion, and use your authority, but you're not dealing with the flesh.
That's why those angels are sent.
When I say, 'Go, ministering spirits, and help me bring forth the harvest,' it's because there are demonic spirits hindering your blessing.
But I've said this before: you cannot draw from a well that is empty.
The Bible says 30, 60, and 100-fold.
You have to look in—you have a bank account, right?
You go and look at your bank account and say, 'I need a readout of my account from the bank lady.
' So I go to the bank lady and she says, 'This is what you have in your account.
' You go, 'Oh, well, I have enough money.
I can buy whatever I need; I can go to Walmart and buy my groceries.
' You know what's in your account, but if you overspend, you're overdrawn and they're going to charge you thirty bucks.
They overdraft because you overspent.
That's the way it is in the spirit realm.
What do you mean, Brandon?
Everything is multiplied by seedtime and harvest.
Whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap.
Good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over will men give unto your bosom.
How?
By your heavenly account.
So I always look at the seeds I've sowed.
The seeds you've sowed in the past will come to harvest at last.
People go, 'What are you talking about?
' It's when you give tithes and offerings to your church where you're getting fed.
Bring your tithes to the storehouse.
'Well, I don't believe in tithing.
' Well, then stay broke; I don't care what you think.
I believe in tithing.
I believe in giving.
Give, and it shall be given unto you.
People get mad about that.
I don't care what you think.
If you want to stay that way, fine.
I know the system; I know how it works because I work it.
And if you work God's system, it will work for you.
So don't get mad.
You sow.
You look if it's multiplied by a hundredfold, thirty, sixty, or a hundredfold; you look at what's in that account, just like you do your bank balance.
And you say, 'Well, if I gave $10, I've got a hundredfold return.
' If it's good ground—if it's not, I just got 30—it's multiplied by 30, 60, and 100-fold.
So, I look at what's in the account and I say, "At the bare minimum, Diana, we have this amount because we gave this in the church offering.
We gave this to help the youth building.
We sowed out of our ministry money.
We're giving to a Red Zone for the church youth program.
" And I'm determined that this ministry is going to help pay that thing off because we don't want to have debt for the end times.
And there's a massive youth building that we're trying to build right now in Collinsville, Oklahoma, that needs to be built right now.
And so our ministry has given a lot into that to help for the youth harvest.
I saw it's right across the street from the property that the church bought there, Pastor Chip and Candace.
And it's a football field and all the kids go and on football nights celebrate and have parties after the Collinsville Cardinals play, right?
So the Cardinals go over there and all the kids, because it's a small town, go out and get high and have sex and do things that they shouldn't be doing.
And so, you know, weed's big in Oklahoma because everyone has medical—they don't have recreational, but it's medical—but you can get your license for nothing.
So, people are smoking dope all the time now.
So, the kids go out and get dope.
So, we have a place across the street, directly across the street from the stadium, where we want to build a beautiful facility to have free pizza, free Cokes, and free all this stuff to bring those kids in and teach the people about Jesus and love on them.
So, that's what they're doing right now.
And every single time these kids, instead of going out and partying at these big houses, they're coming across the street and getting free food.
So, we don't have room enough to receive all these kids.
There's several hundred kids coming.
So, our heart at our church where we are at, we said, "We've got to build a bigger youth place," because I saw in the spirit a young man that will get saved that's a football player and he will go to a major college and he's going to bring revival to that college.
And the Lord said, "Build this place across the street from this stadium so that this young man will come and give his heart to me, and the greatest harvest of souls will come from this young man, and I will use him to bring revival to a major college in the days ahead.
" He's going to be a star for football.
So the Lord always speaks to you ahead.
So that's what our heart is right now.
So what is in my heavenly account?
You can draw and ask the angels.
You can't draw from a well that is empty—30, 60, 100-fold.
That's what I'm trying to tell y'all.
When you give, you give in the purpose.
You sow a seed to reap a harvest.
You give into good ground to bring in the youth.
Did you show them the building, the football stadium?
Could you show them the Red Zone?
Show them that.
I get excited about stuff like this.
That's where my heart is.
My heart is the harvest.
And this is it: Collinsville, Oklahoma.
That's it right here.
Show them a picture of it.
I don't know if they'd mind that because it's kids, but you can show them a picture of the kids all going right there in the big picture.
That's fine.
No, go down right there.
Show them.
Give them a sneak peek.
That's what I'm talking about.
So they're coming in and the youth groups are coming in and we want to make a massive facility for all these high school kids coming across the street, and they're not going out and sleeping around and doing what they're doing anymore.
But you give into stuff like that.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
So when you've given to me, and this is where I sow my money, this is why I'm trying to help.
And I told Diana, I said, "This is my heart: a harvest.
" But people want to know 30, 60, 100-fold return when you call for the angels to help you.
You can't draw from a well that is dry.
It's by multiplication.
But you've got to look at your heavenly account.
Keep track of your seeds.
Keep track of how much you've given to the church.
And you say, "Well, I just pluck it.
" I don't just dump it and pluck it.
You know, like, "Well, you just let it hit the bucket—change.
" I am strategic in everything I do when God tells me to do something and I say I'm going to write it down.
So this is what's in my heavenly account.
So I have a legal right in the spirit realm to call that forth.
You cannot call forth $100,000 if you don't have a hundred thousand multiplied seed in there.
It's spiritual law.
But people want to get all flaky and they go, "Well, it's over here.
I believe in God for $10 million, brother.
" And I'm like, "But do you have $10 million of the seed in the ground?
Because if you don't, you might as well say Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star because you aren't going to receive it.
I don't care what you're saying.
The seed always multiplies.
A seed always produces after its own kind, but it always comes back in multiplication.
If a farmer planted one row of corn and said, "I'm believing for this whole field to come in, brother," and we're out there going, "Oh," and you're out there praying over the seed, but you only planted one row, but I believe for the whole field, you're crazy.
It's not going to happen.
I don't care how much you pray.
If the seed isn't in the ground, you're not going to reap it.
And you can only call by spiritual law and asking the angels and the Lord to help you by what you have sown into the local church, to your ministry where you are.
Help your pastor.
Help your congregation.
Where do you go to church?
And if you say, "Well, I don't want to give there," then why are you going to church there?
That's dumb.
Go to a place where you get fed.
And when you get fed by the Word of God there, help that ministry out.
Even if it's just $10, help them.
If you sit in their pew and go to the bathroom and flush their toilet or whatever, use their toilet paper and use their soap on your hands.
Use your faith to believe God with them.
There's Pastor Chip right here.
You want to show him, Pastor Chip?
He's the one in the black hat.
He goes down there and ministers to these kids and he's eating a snow cone.
Show them the Red Zone.
That's where my heart's at: the youth of this nation.
The Lord told me, "Satan came after the youth hard and I'm coming after them harder.
" And we're going to bring in the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
And it's all going to start in a place like Collinsville, Oklahoma.
It's going to start in places like this that are small, that are just across the street from a stadium.
And you can see the flag in the background.
That's the stadium.
That's how close the Red Zone is.
We put the cones out there so that the kids are safe, but the stadium's right across the street.
They come across the street.
That's how close it is.
So just believe in God.
I'm trying to show you things to get excited, but I want you to be motivated in your ministries, what God has called you to do in your area.
It's all hands on deck right now.
And if you're not doing something to bring in the harvest, if you're not doing something in your local community, why aren't you?
If you live in a small town or a big city, help your church; help them bring in the harvest.
I talked to a mega-minister today and we were talking.
I said, "The Lord told me," and he said, "Brandon, what are we looking for?
" I said, "This is what I'm believing for.
" He said, "I'm not—you're not waiting on me.
I'm waiting on you.
You bring in my harvest, I'll come and get you.
" Jesus said that to me, 'Brandon, I'm waiting on the fruit.
I have long patience for the fruit, but time is running out.
What are you going to do to help me bring in this harvest?
For the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
' There are billions dying and going to hell.
What will you do?
Are we just going to sit back and pray and have these little prayer services and just sit there and go, 'Well, Jesus, get them all saved'?
He is waiting on us.
Get a fire shut up in your bones.
And no, that's why I said, 'Lord, I'm tired of hearing about Smith Wigglesworth.
I'm tired of hearing about Kathryn Kuhlman.
I'm tired of hearing about Rachel Teafatiller and all these prayer generals and the people of the past.
I don't want to hear about it anymore.
What about my generation?
What about the people behind this camera right now?
What about your church?
What about the churches in Chicago?
What about the churches in Philadelphia, New York City, Miami, and Atlanta, and all these other places that need a touch from Jesus and they're desperate?
' I know God stationed me in a little place to go to church over here and visit.
And he said, 'Go back there and help them.
Pray for them.
' And I saw the youth coming in by the hundreds—not thousands because there are not thousands there—by the hundreds.
But it takes one person; one person led Billy Graham to Jesus, and Billy Graham led millions.
Who was the person that led my friends to Jesus?
I must mess up his name again: Maldonado.
Maldonado has led millions to Jesus.
He talks about him.
Maldonado is going to Brazil in a couple weeks.
And who led him to Jesus?
But it took one spark to spread a major fire.
It takes one person to reach millions.
And he says, 'I have somebody here.
' So whatever your vision is, do it with all your heart.
Don't do it halfway.
It's like I told Pastor Chip, I said, 'We've got to make the greatest facility with what God has given us so that everybody in Oklahoma, Tulsa, and all these areas talk about how great the Collinsville, Oklahoma youth group is.
' They are in a place with a population of hardly anybody; it has probably two stoplights.
But why not do it and do it well?
Why should we get the hand-me-downs in church and people go, 'Well, you know, it's just the youth'?
No, it's the next generation.
It's the next generation.
For you were once a youth and so was I.
So, that's why I try to tell you all a little bit more about me, but I don't know if you even wanted to hear that tonight, but people want to know about this kind of stuff I'm talking about.
And I say it by the unction of the Holy Spirit.
Be bold about what God's called you to do in these last days, but do it with all your heart.
Get a backbone like a crowbar, get enthusiastic about it, and get some passion.
Don't say, 'Well, it's just somebody else's responsibility.
' When Jesus told me, he said, 'It's all hands on deck.
Brandon, will you help me bring in the harvest?
' I saw his hands, and Jesus was in the field.
He was in overalls and he had a piece of wheat in his mouth and he put it up here.
I saw the wheat bowing down and I saw harvest equipment, and the barn was full of the glory and the anointing.
And he said, 'Do you see the angel armies that are coming?
I've released the host of heaven to help you, for you're not alone.
For there are more with you than there are with them.
' You're not doing this alone, ladies and gentlemen, for there's more with you than there are with them.
And I saw the angels and the host of heaven coming out, and they looked like a waterfall coming on this earth.
And there were two angels per one unsaved person, and they were lined up.
And he said, 'I'm giving you a window of uninterrupted and unhindered.
For Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever, and I'm calling in the unsaved, for I've come to save that which was lost.
' The harvest equipment is the anointing.
And I saw Jesus walking amongst the wheat, and he was rubbing his hands all in it.
And as I could see his hands rubbing through that wheat, he had massive holes in his hands, massive holes.
And I could see through his hands.
And I could see the wheat through his hands.
And he said, 'Brandon, I suffered for every single one of them.
I suffered for every single one of them.
Help me bring in the harvest.
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
' I looked at him and I said, 'I'll do my best.
As for me and my house, Lord, we will serve you.
We will do whatever it takes to help bring in the harvest.
' He said, 'I know you will.
I know you will.
' I'm just trying to tell you tonight there's so many things we can get stuck on.
There's so many problems we have in our lives—the storms of life, the cares of this world that choke out everything and keep us distracted from what this person's saying or that person, and people persecute you for the word's sake.
But it doesn't matter.
All I know is when I stand before my Father, he'll judge me by what I've done for him and he'll look at me and say, 'Well done, thy good and faithful servant.
' Or, 'Well, you could have done better.
' But I don't want to stand before him and say, 'Hey, at least I tried.
' I tried.
I gave it all I got.
And I want you to say that for your community.
Help your pastors; help them.
Don't sit idly by and say, 'Well, it's on them.
' You know, 'I work, whatever.
I don't really have time to volunteer my time.
' You know what?
Everybody has the same hours a day.
Everybody goes to work.
Everybody busts their hiney to make ends meet for their home.
But you can be a parking lot attendant.
You can work being an usher at the door.
There's something you can do to help your pastor.
There's something you can do to help your local church and say, 'Hey, I'm going to pour myself out right here.
' And it may just be picking up trash in the parking lot.
And you say, 'Well, that's nothing.
' But it's significant to the visitor that just showed up and said, 'You know what?
They don't care about nothing.
There's trash, there's cigarette butts, there's all kinds of stuff going on out here.
This place is dirty.
I don't ever want to come back here again.
' The impression that you leave for the first impression when you walk in there could be what makes or breaks that person to give Jesus Christ a chance in their heart and say, 'Hey, I want to make him my Lord.
' There's excellence in it.
God's a God of excellence.
That's why he talks to me all the time about my weight: 'Brandon, I want you to be healthy.
I don't want you to be obese.
You display me on that camera to millions of people; I want you to take care of yourself.
' And it isn't easy for Brandon.
Today I had a smoothie and a wrap, but my flesh—whenever my daughter said, 'Daddy, I want an ice cream,' I said, 'Okay, honey.
' But I'm learning to say it's good for you, but it's not good for me right now.
I have to work out that stuff for Brandon Biggs.
I'm just trying to be real with you all.
But stretch your faith to believe God for more than just your needs.
If you're just believing for your electric bill and your water and your gas and your house to be paid off or your car or whatever, believe God for your local church, that they're able to do outreaches like this, and pray for your people.
Does it show the stadium?
I get excited when I see the stadium.
I love football.
Football is my favorite time of year.
I don't know about you, but I love football.
Did you show it?
Show just a little bit of that.
Is that the church, right?
Just play some of it.
Just play fast clips like that.
They're all showing up and they're all coming there.
I'm just trying to say: come up with an idea for your local community.
This is our idea.
For those that have blessed our ministry, you've given into this and you don't even know it.
I want to say thank you.
There's a lot of kids that are getting saved and delivered there, and it's a blessing.
I don't talk about stuff like that, but I'm just being real and transparent.
The people who have blessed my ministry have given to this—a lot of it—and I've tried to really support this church and help them because they have a vision.
So it's exciting.
But the whole point of what I want to tell you all is this: you can't draw from a well that is dry.
So, bless your local church.
Help them.
And the angels—you send them out and they'll bless you.
You know that.
Tonight, if you're here and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, and you tell me, 'Brandon, I'm not saved.
I'm just watching you and I wanted to know what was being said in the news, but I'm feeling a tug on my heart tonight.
' You say, 'Brandon, I want to give my heart to Jesus Christ.
I'm tired of running.
' You may be at the end of your rope.
You may be here tonight and you say, 'Brandon, I feel like self-harm.
I feel like all these things.
I feel so heavy.
I've battled depression and anxiety.
I've had the worst week from heck I could ever tell you about.
I lost my job.
' There are so many people that have so much going on.
I got diagnosed with an incurable disease and I'm so broken.
I just need somebody to pray for me.
But tonight's the night you give Jesus Christ your heart.
If you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, I want to give you the invitation and tell you there's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work, the undertaker might be taking them off tonight.
No one's promised tomorrow, ladies and gentlemen.
When we see the days approaching and there's so much darkness and so much going on right now, it's shocking when we watch the news.
But you're going to have to be in the right place at the right time in the days ahead, because if you're not listening to the voice of the Lord, there's a great opportunity you could go home early.
'You're trying to scare me, Brandon.
' No, I'm trying to prepare you.
You better be all-in with Jesus.
If you're riding the fence and you're in sin right now, you better run from it.
It's time to be all-in with Jesus.
Say, 'Jesus, I give You my all.
I'm not playing church anymore.
I'm dedicating my life to You.
I surrender my all to You and I'm not playing any more religious games.
' So tonight, if that's speaking to you and you've been a prodigal, you've been that child that's been wayward and you know you're living wrong and you know you've got to get right with God, I'm going to pray for you and I want you to say this prayer after me.
If you're ready to get real with God, when you get real with God, God will get real with you and He'll become real to you.
But if you keep playing around and keep playing church, you're in trouble.
The enemy comes like a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour.
Who can he devour?
Those that are lukewarm; ones that are not on fire for Jesus.
He runs from the one that knows the Word.
The Bible says, 'Submit yourselves therefore unto God.
Resist the devil and he will flee from you.
' But he's not fleeing from one that doesn't submit himself to God.
Resist him and say, 'Hey, you can't devour me, buddy.
I'm not accepting your poo-poo package on my door.
You get out of here now in Jesus' name.
' He'll start roaring, but the one he's going to devour is the one that's not living right.
You open the door, the devil will run right in.
Jesus, He's a gentleman.
So tonight, I want to ask you: do you know my Friend?
And more importantly, does He know you?
You say, 'Brandon, I want to know Him.
' I want you to be bold about your decision tonight.
Put in the comment section, 'Tonight's my night.
I'm coming home.
Tonight's my night.
I want to be saved.
' He died for you publicly, and I want you to be public about your decision.
I want you to repeat this prayer after me: 'Jesus, I believe You are the Son of God.
I believe You died for me and You rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
I ask You to forgive me of my sins.
Lord, tonight I choose to make You my Lord and personal Savior.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on sin.
I repent of them.
I ask You to wash me and make me new with Your precious blood.
I thank You for what You did.
Tonight, Lord, I ask You to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
From this day forward, Lord, I make You my Lord and personal Savior.
Thank You, Lord, that if I was to die tonight, I'll be with You in paradise forever.
Amen and amen.
' I believe you just said that prayer.
I believe you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
Now, what do you do?
Like I said, go to a local church that is on fire for Jesus.
Don't go to some watered-down, stale, stagnant church that doesn't preach the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
You need to go to a church that's on fire and that is stirred up and excited about the coming of the Lord.
He's coming, and you need to know that.
There are many churches that are not telling you that Jesus Christ is coming, and He's coming sooner than later.
So if you go to a church like that, get plugged in there.
Tell the pastor, 'I want to be water baptized.
' Get water baptized.
Get stirred up.
Get on fire for Jesus.
Get the book—you can find it online or on YouTube—'Why Tongues' by Kenneth Hagin.
Get baptized in the Holy Ghost.
Get water baptized.
Get baptized in the Holy Ghost and pray in tongues.
Come over here and be a part of our YouTube church.
This is where we do it.
We have prayer here four to five times a week, depending on when the Holy Spirit leads me.
You can click like, subscribe, and be a part of it.
We love you.
We're excited.
But you need to read your Bible every day.
You need to pray and seek Him daily.
The Word will change you from the inside out.
If you don't have a Bible—somebody gave me this Bible today, I think Diana did, I don't know, somebody sent it to us in the mail—it has big print; I'm excited about it.
She sent that in here for me.
If you don't have a Bible, we will send you one for free just to love on you and tell you congratulations on your decision to come to the Lord Jesus Christ.
Email us down below.
Put your name and your address for where you want it to be sent.
We will send you the Bible for free—a New King James, Amplified, or whatever—absolutely for free.
We won't solicit you.
We don't ask for anything.
We never ask for anything on this channel.
All we do is tell you Jesus loves you and He has a plan for your life.
So if you want a Bible and you just got saved tonight, and you asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, we will send that to you.
Read it.
It will change you from the inside out.
Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the Word of God.
It's the beginning.
Read Psalms, read Proverbs, read Ephesians—read it all.
It will change you.
We're excited about your decision.
Did anybody give their heart to Christ tonight?
Thirty-five people gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
Thirty-five of you!
Welcome home.
We're excited for all thirty-five of you.
Between that one and this, we've had a little over 75 people so far this week give their heart to Jesus Christ.
So exciting.
Almost 100.
We're getting closer and closer to 100 this week.
A lot less than this last week because I didn't do as many altar calls, but 35 so far.
Praise the Lord and many more to come when it goes on all seven.
So, that's that part of that.
We love you.
Thank you.
So, who wants to go tubing now?
It's not too late.
You can go tubing.
You want to pray with me?
It doesn't matter; we're past it.
Did I take communion already?
No.
Okay, I took it earlier.
That's why.
I take it so much I don't remember when I took it on the channel or if I took it privately.
Let's take communion together and let's pray, and we'll jump in the river and pray for Don Jr.
We're going to pray for his family.
Okay.
Father, we thank you for your body.
We thank you, Father, that you died, you suffered, and you rose again on the third day, and we have authority over the devil.
By your stripes, we're healed.
And we thank you, Lord, that there's an expiration date to everything we're believing for.
Father, you're bringing it to pass at last in the name of Jesus.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness over us.
And Father, we thank you as we give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
We take authority over the devil; you don't have a right to put sickness on our bodies.
Satan, let us go in Jesus' name.
We are healed.
For he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, we're healed.
And we believe we receive the healing power of God on the inside of us right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that we're delivered by all that you did for us on that cross.
Amen.
And amen.
Thank you, Lord.
We take the body, we take the blood.
We take the blood and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
When you make much of the blood of Jesus, it never loses its power.
One drop of blood saves you.
One drop of blood delivers you.
Do you understand?
Jesus's blood is still strong today.
He died thousands of years ago and it's still setting the captives free.
It's the atoning washing of the blood of Jesus at that mercy seat.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
Thank you, Lord.
We make much of your blood, Father.
I apply the blood of Jesus over anything you show me, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our eyes, over our ears, over us, that we hear your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We take authority over every satanic attack and any kind of deception that tries to be thrown our way.
Father, we plead the blood of Jesus over us today.
And we thank you, Lord, that we yield to the anointing of the prophetic, we yield to the anointing of the watcher.
And we thank you Lord in the name of Jesus that you use us once again all to your glory and we give you all the honor and glory and praise in Jesus' name.
We take the blood.
All right.
How many are here now to pray?
We can pray for a little bit.
We'll pray for about an hour or however long the Holy Spirit leads us.
There are 6,500 of you that want to pray.
So, let's pray.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the blood.
Now, God, we apply the blood over Don Jr.
, Eric, Tiffany, Barron, and Ivanka.
We thank you, Lord, for the attacks that were thwarted, that there was no weapon formed against her that prospered or any of his other children.
Father, I thank you that every plot, every plan, every pursuit of the wicked to kill, steal, and destroy, we take authority over you right now in the name of Jesus.
Satan, you will not touch his children or any of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us.
And we apply the blood over President Trump's kids.
And we thank you, Father, that the angels of the Lord are camped around and about them.
A thousand shall fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh his children.
We call revival in their hearts.
We call revival in Jared Kushner.
We call revival in the families in the name of Jesus, that a hedge of protection is around and about him.
I pray over President Trump and over his marriage.
I pray over his wife.
The man that they caught—there's more than one.
I see multiple men.
They are not just normal men.
These are men of military—these are military strategists.
They are military men.
These are the men that came from—I see some of them concerning the Canadian border.
This is the infiltration of the Red Dawn.
The shaking to awaken in our nation.
This is part of the group.
This is part of the military.
These people are military-like mercenaries; they're trained.
It's concerning Memorial weekend.
It's concerning the memorial.
It's like I told you, the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.
It's reconnaissance.
I hear reconnaissance.
They've been doing recon on his family.
But it's not just concerning his family; this is concerning strategic people in the government.
I see judges being attacked—conservative judges.
I see the African American man.
I see him.
I see Clarence Thomas.
Yeah, praying over the Supreme Court judges.
I pray for their safety, their lives, and their decisions.
Judge Kavanaugh.
The judges.
Even strategic people in the Senate—Chief Justice Roberts.
And this is concerning even major pastors.
I see strategic hits on churches again.
I see strategic churches.
Jesus.
I see something very, very serious.
A multiple Red Dawn experience is about to happen.
A Red Dawn experience.
The enemy within.
I hear it.
I hear simultaneous, all at the same time, a great retaliation from within.
A Red Dawn experience.
D-Day.
They're calling it their D-Day.
We will see over our electric grid, over our power stations, our substations.
I pray over the border and it's the same with Israel at the same time.
I see an attack against Israel by Syria.
I see a surprise attack where they have infiltrated within.
I told you, worse than October 7th.
They're planning a surprise attack.
Iran is planning a surprise attack.
Don't underestimate your enemy.
We pray over Lincoln.
We pray over our boats, our infrastructure, our ships, our battleships, our airbases, our military bases throughout the Gulf.
This is concerning Cuba.
Hey, Braden, do you remember the telephone—how they were communicating with that signal?
Yes.
But it was through Morse code.
It was like a Morse code because they couldn't use internet to talk.
And I saw them using some kind of old World War II communications.
It's a signal.
I hear a signal, kind of like a sonar.
It's like a bing bing.
I hear it's going down to South America.
It's a mathematical code that only they know the ciphers to, like three, four.
Do you hear me?
I hear it sounds like—do you remember the little thing you could push in the 80s?
It was a red thing where you could push the numbers in and it would tell you what you're spelling and repeat it back to you.
Do you know that voice on the little red thing?
As a kid, I remember this thing; you could do math and spell things.
This is the way the voice sounds.
This is from the Cold War.
for the Lord.
I have to just worship for a second.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
No other fount I know, nothing but the blood of Jesus.
Oh Lord, America, you have taken your eyes off of this.
Pride has set in so heavy in your heart, and pride comes before a fall.
A shaking to awaken will waken them all.
A shaking to awaken will waken my bride, and I will bring my bride to my side.
Pride comes before a fall.
I see the churches upon this nation and they're going to be shaken.
But there is a remnant, for the vast majority is asleep.
There is coming a great shaking to awaken.
I've seen it.
There is such an arrogance and a stench before him.
It's pride.
Humble yourself, pray, and turn from your wicked ways.
Oh America, humble yourself and turn from your wicked ways, and then I'll heal your land.
Oh Father, I see great earthquakes shaking California and San Francisco.
I see great earthquakes shaking in the water again.
I see volcanoes erupting within.
I see a great shaking all over Italy and a major volcano erupting there.
I will see a great shaking in Japan and across Canada.
For there's one last call.
It's all about the finances shaking in all these areas.
I see the Dow Jones shaking and humbling.
He'll provide for his remnant; he'll provide for his beloved.
For I've never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread.
I will provide for my remnant and hide you in the cleft of my rock as it passes by.
I see glory.
As it passes by, I will keep you in the cleft.
For you are the apple of my eye, and you will taste and see that the Lord is good.
But many of your hearts are not for me.
He says there's a mixture.
Search your hearts.
For the eyes of the Lord run to and fro, searching for a heart who's perfect towards him.
He's running throughout the land right now, his eyes gazing upon the people and his church.
Oh God, let your eyes rest upon me.
Oh Father, pride is the issue.
I can see there are a lot of hearts that are calloused.
He says he'll share his glory with no one.
I see the rising of the sun as Jesus becomes so real in the days ahead.
He'll share his glory with no one.
I see the rising of his Son, Jesus.
What can wash away my sin?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again?
Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
No other fount I know, nothing but the blood of Jesus.
For my pardon, this I see: nothing but the blood of Jesus.
For my cleansing, this I plead: nothing but the blood of Jesus.
Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow.
No other fount I know, nothing but the blood of Jesus.
It's your blood, Lord.
What can wash away our sin, Father?
Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
As a nation, Lord, I don't ask you to hold it back anymore.
Shake them.
Wake them up, Lord.
I have asked so long and stood in the gap.
Oh God, have mercy.
But Lord, tonight, as of what I see before your throne, I ask you to shake it.
Wake them up and let them know that you're coming.
Lord, humble the church.
Whatever it takes that we bring the bride to your side, for you deserve it.
Not a harlot, but a bride that is pure before you without spot or wrinkle.
A bride that is pure by the blood, holy, and unified.
When I see the hearts of the people across these lands, they are calloused.
But as you said, I will hide my remnant in the cleft of the rock.
He said 1 Corinthians 5:5 is coming full force through the rest of the summer.
Many leaders you see behind pulpits won't be there soon, for there is a cleansing coming.
You'll see people preaching and falling over dead in the middle of their sermons because they have sinned and not been living right.
Big mega-ministries will start to transition and go home.
He's raising up new Davids and new voices who will say, 'Here am I, Lord.
Use me.
' No ego, no resume.
Humble yourself under the mighty hand of the Lord.
A great shaking is coming to the shore.
He's bringing the bride to his side.
A major harvest of souls is coming out of a shaking to awaken.
There are many of you that are asleep, whose hearts are calloused and full of pride, and you're a stench before him because you've not humbled yourself.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, that's harsh.
' I'm telling you what I hear by the Spirit of the Lord.
You better get your heart right.
I see mega-ministers and plots against their lives in Houston and Texas.
There is major shaking coming to individual mega-churches.
Too much is given, much is required.
The Lord says, 'Don't put any names in that chat.
' Focus on yourself.
Go vertical, not horizontal.
We aren't worried about pointing fingers like in school.
I'm keeping my eyes on him.
It's a time of examining.
The eyes of the Lord are going to and fro throughout the whole earth looking for hearts who are perfect toward him.
Who is on the Lord's side?
The line has been drawn in the sand.
No more compromise.
We're out of time.
You're about to see a cleaning of the house.
For judgment begins in the house of the Lord, per 1 Corinthians 5:5.
It's not time to play church anymore.
You must get your heart right and seek him with all your heart.
When you seek him, you will find him.
But there are so many people that are asleep.
When he visits your house, what will he find?
If he was to knock on your door right now in all his glory, what would he find in your home?
If he was to look at your internet and what you've been looking at, what would he find?
If he looked at your fridge, what would he find?
If he looked at what you've been watching, what would he find?
Examine yourself.
Say, "Oh, Father, search me and know me.
I stand before a holy God.
I stand before a God who's merciful and he loves me.
I stand before a God who loves me enough to correct me when I'm wrong.
God corrects those he loves and he loves you as his gaze is upon you.
" For the eyes of the Lord find it as his gaze is upon you, I hear.
What will he see as his gaze is upon me?
You see the blood.
The blood speaks for me.
2 Chronicles 16:9: "For the eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole earth to show himself strong on the behalf of those whose heart is loyal to him.
" And this you have done foolishly; therefore, from now on you shall have wars.
That's interesting.
I never read the rest of that.
For the eyes of the Lord run to and fro throughout the whole earth to show himself strong on behalf of those whose heart is loyal to him.
He's examining you right now.
Are you loyal to him?
Are you his?
Are you his beloved?
Are you loyal?
He wants to be strong on the behalf of those whose heart is loyal to him.
Is there a mixture in you?
That's what he was saying: "I see much mixture upon the land.
Great pride.
" I felt the fear of the Lord as he was examining my family.
I said, "Oh God, have mercy.
Purify my heart.
Let me be as gold and precious silver.
" I believe that's how it goes: "Purify my heart.
Let me be as gold and pure gold.
" Refiner's fire, my heart's one desire is to be holy, set apart for you, Lord.
I choose to be holy, set apart for you, my master, ready to do your will.
Purify my heart.
Let me be as gold and precious silver.
Let me be as gold, pure gold.
Refiner's fire, my heart's one desire is to be holy, set apart for you, Lord.
I choose to be holy, set apart for you, my master, ready to do your will.
Ready to do your will.
Purify my heart.
Let me be as gold and precious silver, purify my heart.
Let me be as gold, pure gold.
Refiner's fire, my heart's one desire is to be holy, set apart for you, Lord.
I choose to be holy, set apart for you, my master, ready to do your will.
I pray that is your heart tonight: "Purify my heart, Lord.
Let me be as gold and precious silver that it's not full of junk.
Cleanse me.
Make me new.
" The refiner's fire, for the greater glory is attached to the refiner's fire.
Humble yourself before it.
I know none of us are perfect without him, but we strive and seek him daily and we work out our salvation with fear and trembling by keeping our eyes on a holy God.
There is none like you, Lord.
There is none like you, Father.
'Cause you are great; you do miracles so great.
There is no one else like you.
You deserve the glory and the honor.
Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we bless your holy name.
For you are great; you do miracles so great.
There is no one else like you.
You deserve the glory and the honor.
Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we bless your holy name.
For you are great; you do miracles so great.
There is no one else like you.
Thank you, Father, for this time of prayer tonight.
We're so grateful, Father, for the fallen heroes of our nation as we honor Memorial Weekend, this time of reflection and knowing that the people that have died for our freedom have sacrificed the most.
No greater love than this than a man that lays down his life for a friend or this country.
Father, I thank you for all our men and women of service that have given the ultimate sacrifice this weekend.
They gave their life for this country.
For our fallen officers and our FBI, the people who serve and protect, on this Memorial Weekend we remember those that have gone before us.
We pray for the people that have lost somebody dear to them in military or any kind of service to our country, law enforcement, or firefighters.
We thank you, Father, that you comfort the grieving and those that are hurting.
We thank you, Father, for every fallen hero, the ones that are overcoming PTSD, the ones that are struggling and are thinking about harming themselves.
Father, we call for a spirit of peace that passes all understanding over their minds.
That torment, the hormone imbalances, the night terrors, and the flashbacks—we call their minds restored in the name of Jesus.
We call restoration over their minds; that this isn't just a holiday to have a barbecue and go to the lake to kick off summer, but it means something to so many people that have lost somebody so dear to them.
We honor the fallen.
We bless those, Father, that have given the ultimate sacrifice, and their families.
We thank you, Father, that your hand is on this nation.
We pray for President Trump, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly, that he has wisdom concerning how to lead this nation.
Father, I pray over his strength, his blood, his bones, his joints, the marrow of his bones, and his mind—that he has the mind of Christ and gets plenty of sleep at night.
Father, I thank you that you restore him and his youth is renewed like the eagles, and you fill his mouth with good things.
Father, I thank you that you're with him right now and giving him supernatural wisdom on how to deal with Iran, how to deal with Cuba, and how to deal with our nation's finances and all the things that are coming.
I thank you, Father, that as he humbles himself before you, you'll give him wisdom.
Like David, may he go before you and inquire of the Lord in every decision he makes.
We inquire of you, and we make no decisions before we hear the voice of the Lord first.
I thank you, Father, that from sea to shining sea, all over Canada, Australia, the nations of Africa, Iceland, New Zealand, Ireland, and all over Europe—Father, we pray for supernatural revival.
We call for supernatural revival over Asia and the Middle East, the greatest harvest.
We call in revival and the harvest to start with us in the name of Jesus, that you give us boldness.
There's boldness coming on the church, on the remnant, and we give you praise and glory, Father.
We give you praise and glory, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for this weekend.
Thank you, Father, for the week ahead that we get ready to go into June.
The summer months are upon us.
We can still pray a little bit longer, son.
But you are great.
You do miracles so great.
There is no one else like you.
For you are great.
You do miracles so great.
There is no one else like you.
Thank you, Father, that you spared Ivanka.
Thank you, Father, that you'll spare the family.
That Ivanka was saved today and she was not in harm's way.
Thank you that we could pray and we lift up JD Vance.
We lift up Rubio and his family.
We lift up all of them.
And we thank you, Father, that there's a revival that starts in our country with our leaders, too.
God, I thank you for a red wave in November.
We pray for that, too.
It's going to be pivotal that you are listening to the voice of the Lord in every area of your life.
If he said don't go somewhere, don't go there.
You must follow him in every decision you make.
Inquire of the Lord with every day you have.
Lord, where do you want me to be today?
I inquire of the Lord with every decision I make.
Don't just go by what you feel.
Go by what the Holy Spirit is telling you to do.
Because some of it will be life and death.
Why did they go home early?
Because you didn't inquire of the Lord.
I inquire of the Lord in every decision you make with your life, with your kids, with your finances—especially with your finances—and where you're supposed to be with everything.
I inquire of you and invite him to be in every area of your life.
Where do you want me to be?
Where do you want me to take vacation?
Do you want me to take vacation?
I inquire of you.
Where do you want me to be?
I make no decisions without inquiring of the Lord in every area of our life.
I inquire of the Lord and thank you for the rain, Lord.
Thank you for the rain.
We've gotten a lot of rain.
Thank you, Father, for the rain.
Thank you for the beginning of these toad-strangling rains, Lord, cow patty floating rain.
Lord, you've been so good to us over the central part of America.
We've gotten some good rain now.
God, we call in the lakes to be full.
We call our streams and we take authority over the drought over Texas in these areas and we thank you, Lord.
First Samuel 30:8.
So David inquired of the Lord, saying, 'Shall I pursue this troop?
Shall I overtake them?
' And he answered him, 'Pursue, for you shall surely overtake them and without fail recover all.
' See, but David didn't do it until he inquired of the Father.
And David was successful because of this.
So if you want to be successful in your life, do what First Samuel 30:8 says.
So David inquired of the Lord, saying, 'Shall I pursue the troops?
Shall I do this, Lord?
Shall I do that?
' He always inquired.
Where Saul messed up, he didn't inquire.
He messed up.
He started getting pride in.
Things started messing up.
David inquired of the Lord.
David was a man after God's own heart.
Follow those kind of people.
Even whenever he messed up, he was quick to repent.
Follow after God.
If we fall down, we don't run from God when we sin.
We run to God.
If you fall down, you don't run.
You don't wallow in shame.
You run to him.
But you don't sit there and keep being dumb and keep getting your finger on the hot stove.
Don't touch it.
Get away from it.
Sin is like a hot stove.
Don't touch it.
It burns you.
And especially if you do it, you don't keep your hand on there because it's eventually going to burn your hand off or hurt you really bad.
Use wisdom.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for this time of prayer tonight.
Did you get something out of it tonight, ladies and gentlemen?
Did you get blessed by it?
I pray you did.
I pray you got refreshed.
You drank from the river and you got refreshed.
We're so thankful for every single one of you that came out, 7,100 of you.
And we're so grateful for every one of you who spent the time with us to pray this evening.
We'll see you again soon.
I think we covered it pretty well.
There are certain things I don't believe we can—hey, that's that thing, that's what the numbers were being called out on.
I heard a code.
Do you hear it?
Can you play the sound?
Speak & Spell.
That's what it's called.
He's talking now.
I don't want to hear him.
I want to hear the machine.
Son, you're so cool.
I like it.
You found that.
That's what I used to play with as a little boy.
What is it?
It's called a Speak & Spell.
Do it again.
Guess.
Wrong.
Try again.
Does, D-O-E-S.
That is correct.
Now spell 'four' as in four wolves.
When the numbers were being called out, I could hear that in the spirit realm.
That's how they were communicating with a code and the government of Iran was speaking to the people that have infiltrated our nation and they were giving them a code, but it sounded like that.
It was some kind of code, but it was not through the internet.
It was being signaled to a place in South America that was being signaled to here.
And they were listening to this chatter.
And I could hear numbers, numbers.
They were saying numbers, not letters.
And it sounded like that voice.
So, they're being communicated to by a device that sounds like Speak & Spell.
I don't understand how it works, but they know the time of day to get the message.
It's not going all the time.
They know when to receive the message.
Does that make sense?
They wait for when to get the signal because the signal doesn't always transmit.
It's old technology.
And when they turn the signal on, they get the code and the number and then they turn it off.
And that's how I was seeing how they were doing this.
They were communicating without being detected.
And that's why the Lord called it a Red Dawn experience.
Not a Pearl Harbor, but a D-Day.
They said they're calling it their D-Day.
And the Lord said, 'Pray over this man, Justice Thomas.
' Pray over the justice.
Pray over our Supreme Court justice.
Pray over the infrastructure of our own nation.
Thank you, Father, for him.
He's protected.
He's not in harm's way.
We thank you, Lord, that there's angels that are watching over our Supreme Court.
There's angels watching over our senators, our good ones and our bad ones.
It doesn't matter.
We don't want any harm to come to anybody.
We thank you, Lord, that they are covered.
And Father, we thank you, Lord, that there's angels that are watching over us all and every plot, every plan, every pursuit.
The Lord said, 'Did you not think as they struck them that they would not try to retaliate?
' I heard him.
Of course.
We pray over our oil refineries.
We pray over Texas, Houston refineries, Louisiana, Tuttle, Oklahoma areas.
We pray over our refineries, over our pipelines and how we transport our fuel.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Sometimes when I'm quiet like that, I'm looking over, but I don't know when I'm looking.
And I pray that was tribulation.
We as a nation, in this generation, have never experienced anything like I've just seen.
Your grandma and your great-grandma and grandpa did.
World War II was very hard.
The draft of Vietnam and the draft of World War II and the things that happened.
It was very hard.
When you come to a wall with politicians, sometimes there's black swan events that create what you're looking for.
9/11 created a bogeyman.
9/11 created a boogeyman, and it caused patriotism to rise.
So Bush was able to—but the things that happened with that: the Gulf War, Saddam, weapons of mass destruction.
There's another boogeyman coming.
Just remember that: there's another boogeyman coming.
You can thank Joe Biden for that and his handlers.
You know, a lot of people don't want to know about One Second After in that book.
You know, it's spooky: the electric grid and how vulnerable our electric grid is.
When I look across this nation, when I was looking just a second ago, praying for our substations, praying for our water plants, our infrastructure—I don't want to advertise it, son.
It's a very dark book, but it's what I see.
And I pray, America.
There are levels of prayer and people say, "Brandon, you see so many different things.
You see the revival.
You see financial blessing for the body of Christ.
You see these things.
So, how does this line up?
" There are levels of an onion.
And when you're in the spirit realm and you're praying into the year, you're praying into something, you're getting a bite of that, and you're praying into that.
It's levels.
There are levels of the spirit and praying, and this is where we are tonight.
The Lord always tells me, "Brandon, know your audience.
" To the mature believers: there are 7,300 people on here, and I know there's probably not a lot of you that have any idea what I'm talking about because you're just babies at this and you're learning, and we all started somewhere.
But I'm going to say it like this: there are different levels, and there are different years that you can pray into.
There are different streams that you'll hit.
And this one is more very sobering because of the stuff I'm seeing, but I withhold a lot because a lot of you can't handle it.
You'll choke on it, from what I'm seeing.
And you say, "Well, that's this or that's that.
" No, I know my audience.
There are 7,300 people; you have to know your audience.
How many of you are mature sons and daughters of God?
They can handle it.
They know what I'm talking about.
But there are a lot of babies.
So, if you have that, you have the sister clipboards that will go off and just go, and they go, "The sky is falling.
" And that's not what I'm trying to do.
I never want to bring fear because I'm bringing something from the Holy Spirit.
But God is not—He doesn't want to scare you; He'll prepare you.
But if you're not mature, what you're hearing can scare you.
And I don't want to ever bring fear to people where they can't sleep at night and go, "Brandon, you kept me up all night long.
" No, I'm asking you to humble yourself and to come up higher in your prayer life with Him.
And some things even Jesus couldn't deliver to the disciples because they couldn't bear it at that time.
He said, "I can't even tell you this right now because you don't have ears to hear this right now.
" And I'm not saying I'm like Jesus.
I'm trying to say when you're delivering a word, the Lord says, "Know your audience.
" And if I was talking to a group of my prayer family, who really pray with me, I would unleash all this.
But I have a caution.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
I hope you do, but probably you don't.
And it's not my problem if you don't, I guess.
But it's like there are some very dark things I've seen tonight, and you better be listening and prayed up.
Be prepared.
Am I saying this to scare you?
If it scares you, it scares you.
I can't help that.
I had to tell you some of it.
That river is still so strong; I can feel it pulling me.
Find it.
If you need a sword, buy a sword.
Did you find it?
Yeah, it's fine.
Okay.
So, this is Jesus.
And to those of you that don't think Jesus had a way of protecting Himself, Jesus said this.
He said to them, "But now if you have a purse, take it and also a bag.
And if you don't have a sword, sell your cloak and buy one.
" What do you do with a sword?
A lot of y'all need to read your Bible.
Do you see where He says if you need a sword, sell your cloak and go buy one?
What are you going to do with it?
Are you going to use it to hunt?
You think they used a sling or slingshot back then for hunting?
But that was for protection, right?
So if you need one, go buy one.
Jesus told them to.
And there are things coming that you may need to have something to defend your home.
I'll leave that there.
It's right there in the Bible.
God's the God of love, right?
He loves you.
Jesus loves you.
But even He warned the disciples.
He warned them.
He said to them, "But now if you have a purse, take it and also a bag.
And if you don't have a sword, sell your cloak and buy one.
" So, I've got to be polite.
But we love y'all.
God bless you.
Have a wonderful Memorial Day weekend.
I'll be praying.
I'll see what the Lord says about Saturday and Sunday, and we'll go from there—more than likely Sunday for sure, Monday.
Praying over the weekend, praying over all the things that we need to pray over.
We'll continue to keep praying.
Keep your eyes to the skies because Jesus Christ is coming, ladies and gentlemen, and you need to know it.
Keep your eyes on Him.
So, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and we love you.
God bless you and have a wonderful night.